that piece as well you know my mom was a
strong influence but the more fun
musical influence in my life was my dad
now he dreamed who's a young man that
any instrument he picked up he could
play well it was quite a dream but he
picked up the piano and the banjo from
the ukulele and some music on the guitar
and even brought a couple of successful
guitar tutorials in the early days of
rock'n'roll in the late late 1950s and
early 1960s but back in 1947 he was
posted as part of the air force to a
camp in Egypt because Britain was having
a little problem in the Suez Canal and
he was part of the advance count of
people taking taking care of Britain's
political business over there as an Air
Force man he fell in love with a lot of
music at the time particularly when he
saw Harry James managed to smack Betty
Grable with some pretty smooth trumpet
playing in left in later years he
thought well this might be a good trick
but at the time we tried to pick up the
trumpet and I like to play a piece for
you this is his recording although I'm
gonna be playing piano over the top of
it it's a favorite that was made popular
by young by Les Paul and Mary Ford and
just so that you know this is this is
his trumpet I have with me so I hope you
enjoy the dis performance with bye-bye
blues
huh
you